Better beat up.
What's
up?
We don't know.
Battery die.
All right, y'all. We are live on this
beautiful Monday morning. God bless
everybody in Jesus name. And I pray you
and your families are super blessed as
the Bitcoin price, guys, this is a
historic moment for Bitcoin right now.
I'm going to talk about why this
literally is a very rare historic
moment.
What's happening now has literally only
happened once ever in Bitcoin's history,
and it happened right here.
Oh my goodness. Whoa. Let's not get
ahead of ourselves, guys. All right.
But we have a lot to talk about today.
Like a lot to talk about. Big shout out
to everybody in the chat. Shout out to
Jay Becker. Shout out to Liberty and
Trust. Shout out to No 10:15. Shout out
to John Williams. Big shout out to class
with the class hers 2353. Shout out to
Samuel Emanuel.
How is your day? C. James. My day is
doing pretty good, man. Praise God.
Shout out to preparing for war. Money
flow looking weak. Shout out to Second
Chance Bale Be Benz. I'm definitely in
the top eight. That's what's up, man.
Shout out to affiliate marketing 101.
Are those French fries in your in your
picture? That's what's up. Are we
getting bearish absorption? Sure feels
like it. Well, here's the deal.
Locally here, I would say that we do
have some very interesting things going
on. For example,
you know, when I see something like
this,
that doesn't look so bearish to me. And
when I see this
uh even even here like just CBD kind of
getting lower
um and seems to be like more shorts than
longs opening. It doesn't feel that
bearish as far as the absorption goes
but definitely we're hitting a wall and
it is a Monday. All right, we're
definitely hitting a wall and it is a
Monday. Monday.
Shout out to Mr. Pleono Pilono 2050.
Shout out to Saza 9426.
And uh yeah, big shout out to everyone
here in the chat. Big shout out to
CryptoCons Splashfire Films. I'm on the
treadmill watching a guy on the
treadmill. That's what's up. That's
what's up, man. Um you're waiting on
your sitting on your hands waiting for
an epic short. That's what's up. Uh
shout out to R Pink who's shouting out
preparing for war. Shout out to Rosco
333. Yeah, fake move Monday. We call it
false move Monday here. Vanilla Icena in
the house.
Nice. I like that. Vanilla Icena. You
know what? Vanilla ice cream. I almost I
almost ate real ice cream yesterday,
guys. But I didn't do it. I had the
willpower to not do it. I almost ate ice
cream yesterday. All right. It was my my
son's birthday party. And I thought, you
know what? It's my son's birthday party.
Should I have ice cream?
I said, "No, I'm not going to have ice
cream. I'm not. I'm going to stay
disciplined. I'm going to stay on my
diet,
which isn't a diet. It's just a way of
life. I'm going to stick to it. Ain't no
reason to have one bowl of ice cream,
which will definitely turn into the
whole container. And I'm glad I didn't.
I'm glad I did what I did." All right,
let's talk about the Bitcoin price
action. Man, this is crazy.
Yes, I'm in a long trade here.
Yes, I'm up $11,800.
No, I have not taken profits. All right,
I have not taken profits. Getting uh
getting chopped by the funding fee to be
honest with you. Would you look at that
crap?
That is pretty pretty crappy. I have to
be honest with you. That That does suck.
$900 in the dang funding fee. Come on,
man.
Oh my goodness. Wow. That That does
suck. That does suck. That sucks.
Sheesh. All right. All right. Let's see
what's going on here, guys. First of
all, the Bitcoin price is absolutely
100% coming down to make a double
bottom. And we've been saying this whole
time that this low over here does not
look finished. It does not look good. It
does not look nice
because you can't just get a
capitulation wick down and then start to
form this kind of move up slow and
steady and not expect for at least a
double bottom at least coming down to
the mid60s to show indeed this is
support. All right. And ideally we'd
want to come back down and test this low
which we have done. Now there's there's
good news and bad news. Let's start with
the good news. The good news is this. On
the weekly chart, not only did we take
the low, but we got a pretty solid
weekly close above the low. Not only did
we get a pretty solid weekly close above
the low at 59815 and 40 cents on buy
inverse perpetual USD, but we also
closed the week above the 62 389 and
60cent low that we made here on February
23rd, 2026.
That's a pretty nice weekly close. Okay,
in addition to this guys, look at this
big big gap on the weekly. I mean, talk
about a fair value gap. I mean, talk
about one. Let's go ahead and I'm just
curious here, just just thinking out
loud here, but let's put on Tino's
indicator.
Let's put on Tino's indicator and see if
that's a vector candle. It has to be,
right? Let's Where is Where's Tino's
indicator?
What's it called? Trader Reality.
Don't have it saved here. Let's Let's
find it.
Traders reality.
don't know how to spell traders, which
is a great reminder
that uh this is definitely not financial
advice because I don't know how to spell
traders yet. I claim to be one. Look at
this amazing vector candle here. Uh
which could get us a move back up to the
mid70s. All right, we go to the daily
time frame and we've got vector candles
could give us a move back to the 70s.
I also want to point out something very
interesting, which is this. When we take
a look at this chart right here,
all right,
the 70s right now, the mid70s would be
the value area high of the range. Okay,
so we've come to the low of the range
and the low of the range is so far
giving us a nice bounce. If we pull our
fib from high to low, you could see that
the zone between the golden pocket and
the 786 is right around here. And we
also know that there's lots of upside
liquidity that can be taken and we could
get a very fast move back up to between
I'd say 73.5 to $78,000. This zone right
here is very possible. This is the high
of the range, right? This is resistance
here. It's a support resistance flip.
It's it's resistance. Um, if we reclaim
65.5,
it would be, in my opinion, a very fast
move up to around here. Now, we have to
reclaim this zone right here. The reason
why we need to reclaim this zone right
here is because not only is this the
local value area low PC, but actually,
if we zoom all the way out here and take
a look at all of the volume and all of
the price action we've traded since
February 2024, you can see that this is
literally the PC of the giant range.
Okay, we're going to talk about more of
this later,
but I think you guys can see where I'm
going here, which is so long as we're
under this level here,
we haven't yet actually come down to the
bottom of this range yet, right? So,
it's like we're front running some major
levels, but locally, we are finding a
nice support. So, we're front running
some major levels, but locally we're
finding some nice support. Now, what is
the historic signal on the chart? The
historic sign on the chart is this
market cipher B weekly time frame. For
the first time since November 2022,
we officially I'm Yeah. Yeah. For the
first time since November 22, we have
officially are printing a bullish
divergence on the weekly. Right. What do
I mean by that? I mean for the first
time, the price has made a lower low and
the momentum is making a higher low. Now
am I saying this is a confirmed bull div
all in right now? No. What I am saying
is as long as this momentum wave holds
above the level of negative76 on market
cipher be on the oscillator. As long as
this momentum wave doesn't cross this
green line that means there is a bullish
divergence present
on the weekly time frame which which
would mark the bottom. All right. So, we
are seeing with this new low much nicer
bottom signals than we've seen on the
way down here, right? The fact that we
made a new low opens up right now a
bullish door of hope and wonder of
opportunity,
all right, of blue candle city
because now it's possible for the weekly
bullish divergence to form which would
mark the bottom. Okay, so that being
said, is the bottom in? Well, let's go
and look at previous cycles. Okay,
previous cycles, we have seen two things
that mark the bottom. We have seen from
the high to the bottom around a year. In
this case, it was 413 days. Okay, the
cycle after that one, it was about 365
days from the all-time high of the bull
market to the bottom of the bare market.
The time after that, from the all-time
high to the bottom of the bare market
was 365
days. All right, about a year. Now, how
many days has it been since the top?
Well, let's go ahead and measure it. All
right, so far it's been 250
days. So that means we have maybe 3
months left if we're going to continue
the pattern. What would another 100 days
give us? That would put us right around
September October. Right around
September, October, give or take. This
is when we would expect that bottom to
be in. Now the second thing that the
bare markets have in common is that they
kind of come down to the Fibonacci
886 786 zone. So, if we pull our fibs
from these previous levels, you can see
that we bottom out in between the 786
and the 886 back in 2015. If we pull it
from the low in 2015 to the all-time
high that we made in 2018, you can see
that we come and we bottom out in the
786886. If we pull the fib from the low
that we made in 2019 to the all-time
high in 2021, we bottom out right at the
786. And so if we pull the fib from the
low that we made in 2022 to the all-time
high we made in 2025, you could see that
well we are not if the cycle is going to
continue and the pattern repeats then we
could look for a bottom potentially
around 40k in the fall. All right, that
is what we are currently potentially
looking at here. Something else to keep
in mind. All right, if we come back to
this chart,
we did front run a major area of
support. So, if we clear off the local
stuff and just look at the macro stuff,
let's pull the fib from the low that we
made down here in 2022
to the all-time high. Let's go ahead and
put on our Fibonacci 618
and our 065.
Look at this. All right, from the
breakout in the back test of the
previous cycle all-time high, which is
around, let's call it 60 $60,000 just
generally. All right, we're basically
talking about from the time Bitcoin
officially broke out of these highs. We
broke out, we got the back test, we
formed a range up here.
From that time, we're looking at all the
volume. The value area low is below us
at around $54,000.
So, all this to say,
I would suspect that although there is a
chance that the bottom could be in here,
like legitimately the bottom for Bitcoin
could be in here because we have a
weekly bullish divergence and that is no
joke. That is no joke. I would say based
on the historical data, it is more
probable still that we do come down and
at least come down to the mid to low
50s. At least come down to the value
area low of this. At least come down and
find support on this range consolidation
support here before the big bounce. And
I would say if that doesn't happen, then
the next major place that I would look
for is down here. And of course for me
guys, my next major buy zones for
Bitcoin is going to be in the in the low
50s. and then in the low 40s and then
I'm going to be all in for Bitcoin. And
so if we do drop to 20K like some people
are calling, I'm going to be holding
that and draw down for a long time. But
right now, that is what could
potentially be happening in the future.
We also understand, guys, the monthly
time frame is not looking nice here,
right? We were looking at in in last
month in May, we were looking at the
potential of a green dot forming in June
or July. Obviously, that's not going to
happen. Now the green dot did not form
until January 2023 down here on the
monthly. That was 2 months after the
low, right? So remember 2 months after
the low uh was in let's let's take a
look at like what happened in June. In
June last cycle the monthly market
cipher B looked kind of similar to how
we're looking now. I'd say it looked
more bearish last time than it looks
now. Right? The yellow oscillator was
more downturning. The momentum wave
still had a long time to go right here.
It's looking like it had does it it gave
us a false clip right here. It looks
like it could start to clip again.
Yellow oscillator kind of moving toward
the zero line there. We go to our twoe
time frame and the money flow looks like
crapola on the twoe time frame. But
remember crapola money flow on the twoe
time frame guys is actually a good sign
historically. Last time we had crapola
money flow on the twoe time frame
similar to what we have now it was the
bottom. Okay. Okay. And also the last
time market cipher B looked like this on
the twoe time frame with a potential
divergence, it was the bottom. So
there's definitely a lot of room here
for a bottom to happen very soon within
the next few months. And in my opinion,
every drop we get for the next few
months is a gift for spot buying. All
right, a gift for spot buying.
All right. Now, we are coming up to the
point of control of the range here. We
have some pretty key levels to be aware
of. Right now, first of all, we have the
support resistance flip. All right. If
we zoom in even lower here, we've got
ourselves
just this local swing failure pattern.
And then let's zoom out more. Let's go
ahead and pull another volume profile
here because this really is the range
that we were looking to trade. And so
for me right now guys, you know, the big
line in the sand for me is can we
number one get acceptance above 65.3 60
let's call it 655 this orange line the
value area low and then most importantly
can we get acceptance above uh let's
call it 68k if we can get a move above
68k honestly then this would be the long
trade that I would look for right if we
could actually get a move above that
This would be a valid long trade in my
opinion because we are now longing the
support resistance flip of the PC. Our
TP would be the value area high at
around $77,000 give or take. Right? This
is kind of the next long that I would be
looking for. If we go straight up from
here, remember these are vector candles
which means fast move down, fast move
up. And then this is liquidity, right?
We have liquidity here that can be
taken. We have liquidity here that can
be taken. I could easily I could see
this thing coming all the way back up
maybe as high as 79,000. Right? It's it
is possible. But I would say what's more
likely is this. Now I I'm not expecting
a V-shaped recovery at all. Let's assume
the bottom is in. Let's assume this
literally is the bottom for Bitcoin.
Okay? I do not expect if the bottom is
in that we just go straight up, right? I
would expect more. So, we probably come
up, we reject from resistance, we come
back down to the bottom of the range
here, maybe make another higher low or
maybe even another lower low into the
golden pocket. And then we continue to
range, maybe we take the highs, you
know, and then we come down, make a
higher low again. And by now, we're in
October. We've formed a really nice low
here. We've really traded this range in
its entirety from between 60K and 80K
for a few months. We've established a
real accumulation range right here
and then we can go into Pump City. Now,
I just got a notification that Bitcoin
hit 64,000.
All right. So, yeah, here we are here.
I've taken a long trade here. Um, you
know, sad story is basically this. I
took a a million-doll trade on Friday
and it was I, you know, long story
short, I I I was in a million- dollar
position here. I closed a portion of it,
ended up locking in about seven grand.
The thing is this trade got stopped out
at the entry. The reason why I took the
trade, if we zoom into a lower time
frame here, is because we came down and
we did get a valid swing failure
pattern. And so I took the trade kind of
in the moment with a very good entry so
I could really load up on that trade. I
rode it from here on up. Hit a beautiful
TP1 at the support resistance flip and
then got stopped out. All right. And my
entry and then I'm like, well, I guess
we're going lower. But then what do you
know? A few hours later, I look at my
dang chart and I'm like, crap,
crap. You know, looks like we're doing
it again. And so I I took another I took
another long trade. Now, this time I
could only go in with a much smaller
position size.
This time I'm only in with about a4
million.
And I the reason why I even went in this
big with such a massive stop loss here
of a 3% stop is because basically this
profit here was basically I was saying
well if I take if if I had taken no
trades I'm going to break even cuz I'm
losing about seven grand on the stop
loss of this trade but I just made about
seven grand and that doesn't include all
the money I'm up on these on on the
short trade and all that stuff. So, that
was my mindset taking this long trade
here. And I haven't taken profit yet.
I'm up 12 grand. I kind of want to wait
and see what happens as we come to these
levels because if I see that we hit
these levels and I start to see a
rejection,
well, I can take some profits. But
here's the thing. If I don't see a
rejection,
I am short. And my short trade is up 15
grand. And so, I'm in a nice position.
And I'm in a comfy position right here
to kind of wait and see what the market
wants to do. It is a false move Monday.
But the next place I'm really looking
for right now is for the price to take
out the highs from Thursday. Maybe at
least the very least take out the daily
high. I mean, at least take out this
daily high here. Maybe with some bearish
divergence and get a rejection here. But
I I do think as I look at the money flow
here, as I look at the daily time frame,
very bottomed out. As I look at the
two-day time frame,
printing a green dot.
As I look at the 12-h hour time frame,
money flow getting higher. Still room to
the upside. As I look at the 4hour time
frame here, still some room to the
upside. As I look at the 1 hour time
frame with this really nice low here,
like the the 1 hour time frame right
now, this bottom looks absolutely
beautiful, you know, and again, it's a
bare market. It doesn't really matter
how the 1 hour time frame looks, but it
does look really nice. And because we've
been consolidating here, the money flow
is starting to get thicker um on the 1
hour time frame. You know, maybe we do
have some some upside here. Maybe we get
an explosion to the upside. Look at the
6 minute. It's like when you see
momentum waves kind of doing this thing
on market cipher B, this like slow weird
kind of chop thing, it means a big move
is coming. And a lot of times that big
move is to the upside. It could be to
the downside, but a lot of times you
consolidate like this and people start
to get bearish and then all of a sudden
we get one of those blue candles that
just pops out of nowhere like the one we
got yesterday. All right, like this one
we got yesterday. A lot of times when
you consolidate like this, all of a
sudden, bam, you get you get a candle
like that. I mean, that that happened
quick. you know, we go to the one minute
time frame and obviously this was over a
weekend, but you know, you you you tend
to get these moves and if we do get a
move like that, which I'm kind of hoping
we do, then what would that mean for
Bitcoin? Well, it would mean that we
coming into this very important zone of
resistance, maybe around 652. Maybe we
get some crazy wick, I don't know, up to
the higher areas of resistance. But you
could see right now
how important this resistance above us
is. And you can also see how crazy it
would be if we actually start trading
above the orange line because now we're
back inside the range. And now once
you're inside this range, probabilities
are highest. We come up here and it
would be very very very easy for Bitcoin
to come up here to 76K. It'd be very
very easy. fast move down vector candles
fast move up liquidity to be taken here
that's like real easy to take that
liquidity also again guys it's the
Fibonacci golden pocket 786 zone
right so
that's kind of what I am looking for now
of course if we don't get a move up from
here and if we just reject and let's say
we we come back down from here then what
am I looking for well then
like I said we front ran
the major support
at the value area low right and the
golden pocket right and actually there
are some other levels there like for
example you could see here too that we
do have a weekly order block right here
all right this is also a weekly order
block right here and so if we if we
reject from here and we continue on the
downtrend then we have a pretty pretty
important zone of support right below us
in the mid low50s and that is Like
imagine this if we come down there guys
look at the daily time frame now daily
time frame would now have a bullish
divergence with the money flow getting
thick uh getting closer to the blue
right we come down here one more big
drop maybe Tuesday Wednesday
if we chop around today and tomorrow now
we're going to have insanely bullish
looking uneven butt cheek pattern big on
the left nice and juicy skinny on the
right side to round out the booty
You know, we we we we we can copy and
paste this onto the chart. We've got the
blue and purple candles like a beautiful
work of art. And we put it on here.
Stretch it out. Bam. It's looking mighty
fine. Mighty fine. My goodness. All
right. So, that is what I'd be looking
for if we get another move to the
downside. Now, are there other places we
could bounce? Absolutely. Pauseely.
Totis
discord. I gave my comprehensive trading
plan like I always try to do in the
Casper crew, alert everybody when I'm
taking the trade, when I'm taking the
profit and all that stuff. You can join
at jasonaspertrading.com.
Also guys, a quick reminder that KSEX
currently has the lowest fees in the
world. 10% deposit bonus up to $21,000
of rewards. Also remember, Antarctic is
a decentralized exchange that functions
like a centralized exchange with a
mobile app that is absolutely beautiful,
seamless with, if you use my link, the
lowest fees. I mean, it's it's amazing
deal for a decentralized exchange where
everything is onchain and there's no KYC
cuz it's decentralized. There's no risk
of your account being frozen or drained
or hacked or anything unless it's on
it's all on you cuz you're keeping your
own assets on your own wallet. The fees
are super low. All right, the fees are
so dang low
and we have big things coming for
Antarctic. All right, we've just
launched a new point system. The token
is about to launch. And trust me, when
people see the tokconomics, they're
going to wish that they got in early.
All right,
it's decentralized exchange, just like
Hyperlid. You see what happening with
Hyperlid? Man, we got some things up the
pipeline for Antarctic, let me tell you.
All right, so let's see who we got in
the chat right now. Why no long giving a
Discord, Daniel? I'll be honest with
you, Daniel. All right, let Jason Casper
be honest.
It's very difficult sometimes to tell
people about the trades I'm taking
because last week was a really bad week
for me. All right, I I took $15,000
worth of losses last week. All right,
so I had some some major losses last
week. I had uh $4,800 loss, $4,300 loss,
plus another $1,000 of those little
losses, another $2,000 of loss. And it
look every time I post that I'm taking a
trade. I know people are copying me and
I know they're not supposed to, but I
know they are. Look, here's the thing. I
wasn't very confident in the trade. I
said to myself, this is a risk-free
trade for me because I just locked in a
$7,000 profit on a scalp trade. And so
if I lose $7,000, it's like I lost
nothing, but everyone else didn't. So I
I it's difficult, man. Okay. But most of
the trades I take, especially if they're
during trading, also it was a Friday
evening. It's a Friday evening. I
figured, look, if anyone's risky enough
to take the trade, they're probably
taking it. If not, they're not. It's It
still is a risky trade, but most of the
trades I take, I post in the Casper Crew
VIP Discord. All right? And and I do
have to say if you have been in the cash
crew discord during this range, all
right, there's no way there's no
possible way that of course, you know,
you're not supposed to copy me because
it's not financial advice, but there's
no way that you didn't trade this range
and make tons of money on it. Cuz we
like between myself and the other
instructors, we nailed
the long, the short, the long, the
short. We nailed the long right here. We
nailed the second long right here. All
right. We nailed the short from right
here. I mean, honestly, like this in
general in this range, we we absolutely
destroyed it. We crushed it. We milked
the market for every dollar it could
possibly give.
All right,
but last week was a bad week for me. The
worst week I've had trading since
January. Even though I ended up making a
lot of money last week from my open
short trade, you know, I tried to time
the bottom three times and each time it
didn't work out, right? So, there is
another aspect of psych trading
psychology, which is when you're telling
people what you're doing and showing
your dang trades. There's another level
of psychology to that, let me tell you.
Um
um but yeah, here's the thing. I do my
best always to let the crew know what
I'm doing. I mean that with all my
heart. I do my very best to let the crew
know what I'm doing. And when there's
when there's a good setup there, man,
you guys know you guys know I do my best
to alert the people, okay? do my very
best.
Does Antarctic take a long time? It
depends on how the how much congestion
there is on the blockchain or whatever.
But in general, no, it doesn't take a
long time.
I trade on the Arbitum. I use Arbitum.
It's the lowest fees. It's fast. Don't
use the regular Ethereum network.
Um,
the Ethereum network is very slow. So,
I'm using the Arbitum network up here.
Yeah,
I guess it doesn't show you the the the
logo anymore for the Arbitum network,
but yeah, I'm I'm use Arbitum.
Arbitum.
We got big things coming for AX. All
right, let's take a look at the order
flow here and see how she's how she's
rolling. Uh, so we're we're we're
pumping. We're making higher highs. I
don't see bearish CVD. Uh, if anything,
um, a little bit of bearish CVD. I'm
sorry. I don't see bearish CVD. If
anything, a little bit of bullish CVD in
a sense that as we are coming up here,
we're seeing the open interest increase.
We're seeing shorts open. And in general
here, I would say too, like again, I
know it's a false move Monday, and you
can't take this stuff too seriously, but
look at this.
Look at I mean, this is just a classic
textbook bullish CVD divergence in every
way possible. You make a low,
right? You make a low. Hang on, where's
my Fibonacci? You make a low,
you bounce from the 786
with a classic textbook CVD getting
lower, open interest getting higher.
Like a lot of these divergences we
trade, it's like, well,
I mean, it's kind of the the, you know,
the CVD is getting lower, but the open
interest is flat. But this is legit.
Look at this. A clear big pile of shorts
opening at the 786. And then as we
consolidate in this little chunk, you
can also see very clearly as the price
is making higher lows, the CVD is
getting lower, the open interest is
getting higher, and we're seeing the
shorts open. like shorts are being
absorbed here. I I would not be
surprised if we don't see that big spike
green candle before it moved back down.
I would not be surprised if we don't get
that big spike
for a CDW here into like some of these
resistance zones.
All right. I I I I can almost feel that
pump coming. I can almost feel it
coming, man. I can almost feel it. I can
almost smell it. I can almost taste it.
I can almost smell it. I can almost
taste it, you know.
I can almost taste it.
Look at this. So, we're probably going
to go for that first high. Let's see if
we don't go for the second high.
Can almost taste it, guys.
I can almost taste it. Let's see.
Can you guys taste that pump coming on?
It's going to be a pump and dump. It's
going to be a pump and dump for sure. I
I I don't think we're going to pump and
stay pumped, but maybe. But I I feel a
pump and dump coming on, guys. I'm
feeling a pump and dump coming on.
You missed my rap content.
Um, all right. People do feel it.
Smells like a gorilla from Taco Bell.
Yeah. Disgusting. Disgusting.
You missed the rap content.
Well, let's see. I I don't know if I can
actually rap right now.
I need I need to I need something to
induce
to induce a rap.
>> Vitalic sold a bunch of his ETH. I
didn't see that. That's interesting.
preparing for war also says he doesn't
like people copying his trades when you
look at your trade history. Looks like I
have a ton of losses. Yeah, I mean me
too, bro. Right. I mean, me too. But I
don't share like the trade, you know,
you guys have know all the thing. But
yeah, in general, like that's the thing.
It's
that's why it's not that's why it's not
financial advice and all that kind of
stuff. But yeah, I have less than 50%
win rate on this account.
You know, on this account alone, I'm up
70K
since
I guess in the last two months.
That doesn't include my other account
where I'm up another
I don't know more than 70k.
Actually, this account I'm up I'm up
even more than 70k on this one. It's
over a hundred. I actually, you know
what? I I just I just did a whole
analysis of it. Wonder if I still have
that. I don't think I do. No,
>> no, no, no, no. Oh, no. Crap. I can't
believe I'm exposing that. I can't
believe I'm exposing this picture of me
in college.
But let's see what happens here.
Uh,
did I know that Black Rockck transferred
3,000 Bitcoin to his Coinbase wallet
this morning, raised itself?
Didn't know, but it seems weird. I I I
don't I don't I don't I don't mess with
those things. All right.
I don't mess with those things.
So,
the Iran war started again.
Here's the thing. Like, I don't I I feel
like that's not going to affect the
market anymore. That's really I don't I
don't feel like that's going to affect
the market anymore. I feel like it's run
its course. You know, the sad reality
about humanity in these days is we have
a very short attention span. And also
the media is very strange in the sense
that from day to day they pick something
for everybody to obsess over and that's
what everyone obsesses over on Twitter
and everyone has all of a sudden a big
opinion about it and this and that and
then after like a week, two, three,
it doesn't matter anymore what happens
with that situation. All right, it just
kind of is what it is, right?
It just kind of is what it is
>> and it doesn't affect the markets
anymore. It's the initial shock that
affects the markets and then things
settle and and any kind of news could
could happen about the war starting or
stopping or ceasefiring or this or that
or the straight or not or the oil this
or that. It'll affect the oil price
maybe. I mean for sure it'll affect the
oil price because that's like
legitimately like the price of oil.
But will it affect the other markets?
Ah,
I don't know.
>> Anyway, historically, war is always
super bullish for markets.
It's always super bullish cuz war means
money printing and money printing means
inflation. And inflation, see, here's
the thing. Inflation, if you're in the
market, is good for you. Like, that's
the way the elites steal your purchasing
power.
They give you fake money.
and then they inflate
the money. So it means the value of
their assets goes up, the value of their
houses go up, the value of their
property goes up, the value of their
stocks go up, the value of their crypto
goes up
because there's more money in
circulation that can go into these
markets. And so they manipulate the
money in order to uh acquire tangible
assets.
Meanwhile, the normal guy working a
9-to-five job on a fixed income, his
money becomes less and less valuable.
He's in a position now where he cannot
buy tangible assets anymore and has to
live paycheck to paycheck barely with
him and his wife and his kids all
working three jobs each
just to make ends meet. Maybe
they're getting wrecked while the the
elites are the ones laughing all the way
to the bank with their fake money that
they convert into real tangible assets.
Right? So war is good for people in the
market and it's a sad reality. It is
really sad.
But go and look at every war. Look at
the effect of every single war on the
stock market. Big dump, massive pump.
Big dump, massive pump.
I mean, every every major negative thing
ends up being super super bullish in the
long run, right? I mean look at for
example let's let's take a look at what
happened in 2001
right 2001
there was we got to go back way back
2001 here we go that was the 2008 here
we go 2001 everyone remembers what
happened then you know now again 2001
happened right around here we get a big
old droparoo but then bam right 2008
Eight.
The big scary housing bubble crash.
Get a big dropout and then bam. Right.
The vid,
right? We got a big scary droparoo,
right? And then bam, right? It's pretty
crazy. Pretty crazy. And what else is
crazy during QT
increase of interest rates,
we simply just come back to back test
the support and then bam. So
the only solution,
the only trick that the Fed has is to
somehow increase the money supply.
Whether they call it QE or something
else, they'll find a way to increase the
money supply that's going to cause
things to pump. Are we going to have
back tests? Yeah, maybe. Right. Could
this happen? Yeah, maybe. The only way,
honestly, the way I see it now is like
obviously the stock market is very
overextended. We're printing a big top.
the the only thing that would in my
opinion like when it comes to wars and
stuff that would affect the price would
be if there was some kind of attack in
the west on US soil or in Europe or
something.
Um,
and that would scare people again enough
to have a big old last drop. But I don't
think any news about the war now would
affect the price. Maybe I'm wrong. Who
knows? Who know? QT equals quick trip.
Yeah. Yeah. I I have a a soft spot in my
heart for QT, the Southern Convenience
Store in the East Eastern United States.
When I was a young man,
before I got old, I used to thoroughly
enjoy the Buffalo chicken fingers
stuffed with mozzarella cheese. All
right. They were basically mozzarella
sticks instead of normal just batter
fried. It was a piece of fried chicken,
spicy buffalo chicken. Those things,
man. They were on the, you know, the gas
station hot dog roller things were so
good, man. Oh my goodness. That was like
the highlight of my life back then. And
they only sold them at QT. They didn't
sell them anywhere else.
So
>> fiat lies, world dies, they make war
with fake control p funny money and we
pay for inflation. Yeah. Um
the seed phrase. Yeah, I know. I can't
believe I showed my seed phrase like
that. Sheesh.
Jason Casper always always giving away
the seed phrases, you know. What a fool.
What a fool. What a fool. What a fool.
What a fool. What a fool.
Um,
sudden crave for mango. Not trying to
sound gay. I don't think it's gay to
crave mango. I myself often crave mango.
In fact, I'm craving it right now. I'm
craving it right now. Um, I think mango
is is one of the best things that God
made.
I paid for someone else's gas at QT. I
gave him the wrong pump number. Lol. Oh,
no. Wait, really?
Uh, that's crazy. Oh, Trump says the war
is over now. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Jason Pisano thinks Bitcoin and ETH
won't see all-time highs during next
bull market. Any thought? Um, yeah. I
mean, so here's the thing. There's
there's always there's always there's
always
the possibility for things to change.
Okay. So,
there's always the possibility for
things to change. All right.
And I
the only reason why you would come to
that conclusion is because of like Black
Rockck and the ETFs, right? And so
people say now the four-year cycle is
over. A lot of people have been saying
this. All right?
If that's the case, perhaps this is our
sideways range. Okay? Perhaps this is
literally our range that we trade now
for a long time. All right? the ETFs
keep the price kind of flat for a while
and we trade within this range for a
long time. Okay, that is possible. Do I
think it's going to happen? My answer is
we have to wait and see. But so far,
half the data is in of the bare market
cycle. And so far, we are right on
target with the top with the all-time
high. And so far, we're looking for a
bottom to come in around here. All
right. If the top and the bottom happen
in the right time frame,
I would suspect that we continue
in the bull market and that we do make
another all-time high. All right.
If we don't come down to these lows and
let's say we do something like this,
right, and we're coming up around
100,000 and we get a rejection and we
chop around in this range for then yeah,
maybe. But so far everything is
happening right the way it always has.
So we have to wait and see. You know,
you you can see like for example and
we've seen it with precious metals price
manipulation through the ETFs.
Um, yeah, it's possible for that to
happen with Bitcoin, too. All right,
Bitcoin has such a small market cap,
and I feel like, and this is again my
feelings, but most people still don't
quite know what Bitcoin is,
and most people
once they start to realize what Bitcoin
is, they're going to say, you know what,
that's something I would like to have.
People are taking more seriously as an
asset. I could see much more money
coming into the the asset, pumping it up
towards $200, $250,000.
My personal target for the next bull run
is around 180.
I think that's a pretty conservative
target.
180 assuming that we come down to 40K.
That's going to be about a 350%
increase.
I think that's quite conservative
considering the last bull run that we
got was about a 700% increase. It's like
half I'm expecting half and the time
before that
from low to the top was about a 2,000%
increase. So went from 2,000 to 700. Now
I'm looking at 350. I think that's a
pretty reasonable diminished uh return
bow run. So, we'll have to we'll really
have to wait and see how it happens. I
don't know for certain, obviously.
Um,
who else is craving mango?
Bitcoin is slowly losing interest.
What's my target if the low is in? Uh,
180. Piso was on that 18.5ear real
estate psycho related idea. I do enjoy
his ideas. I always keep them in mind,
but can't blindly copy anyone. Make your
own plans and you can stick with and
manage risk. Shout out to not not
quicker
with the non-financial advice, which I
do think is sound advice. All right.
Lows are not in, we need sage
accumulation. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I
mean, that's exact. But that's so if the
low is in, which I I don't there's a
chance the low is in. But my my main
scenario here is if this is a serious
low is that we do chop around all summer
and maybe make another low. Maybe we
come up to 75K. we reject, maybe finally
tap into that golden pocket, come back
up, maybe take the highs, then come back
down, make a higher low, and then we can
finally break out of this range
February, March, and start to do
something like this, you know, and then
eventually make a new high, right? But
yeah, this is my preferred if the low is
in scenario. If the low is not in, my
preferred scenario is that we maybe come
up to 75 and then get a big old drop
into this zone here for the bottom in
the fall and then come back inside here
and eventually pump so that this can be
a bullish deviation below these lows,
right?
That's kind of what I'm looking at here.
Oh, Jason, I hate when you use stupid
accents.
Shot of mango plus ginger plus turmeric
plus cayenne pepper and olive oil. It
sounds amazing. Damen wins. Why would I
doubt that? And why would I not try
that?
Sounds like everything I need in life.
Ginger, turmeric, cayenne pepper,
olive oil. Sounds like amazing
polyphenol.
Low inflation, good for your digestion,
good for your metabolism,
tasting good kind of stuff.
Um,
tasting good kind of stuff here. You
know,
whatever it is is going to be lower than
most people predict. Maybe Kirk Patrick,
like maybe. How's the Hebrew course
going? It's going all right, Daniel. I
mean, here's the thing. Like I'm
teaching a bunch of adults biblical
Hebrew and they have lives and jobs and
all this stuff and we're going very
slow, right? Going very slow. Jason
Casper teaches biblical Hebrew on easy
mode. We go real slow. Maybe maybe we
spend three, four weeks in a single
chapter.
All right? Cuz the thing is, we're not
trying to get we're not trying to get
degrees here. We're not trying to be
Hebrew scholars. We're just trying to
read the Bible in Hebrew.
Just trying to read the Hebrew Bible.
You know what I'm saying? Just trying to
We're just trying to read from the Torah
scroll. That's all we want to do in
life.
Splash our films is craving eggs. Guys,
I need help. I have rats in the chicken
coop eating eggs. And I have no idea
what to do about it. I can't set traps.
It'll hurt the chickens. I can't put
poison. It'll hurt the chickens. I don't
have time to sit out there all day with
a BB gun.
I'm serious. I need tips cuz I do not
know what to do about this. I have never
had this issue in my life. Never even
never even thought about this issue.
So,
I do need some I do need some
non-financial advice for this issue. Get
a cat. Well, we have a lot of like barn
cats around. They're just wild cats. I
don't know why they're not taking care
of the these rats here. And honestly, I
don't know why the chickens don't eat
the rats. I don't even feed my chickens.
Feed my chickens like once every other
week.
I feed my dang chickens once every other
So,
yeah, chickens eat mice. That's That's
what I thought, too. Preparing for But
here's the thing. They're rats. They're
big. They're rats. They're not mice.
Look up the rat hunters.
Yeah, maybe I'll have to get some some
cats and put them there.
Dig a trench around the coupe and put
hardware cloth around the trench. Oh,
yeah. I get what you're saying. So they
can't get in. So they can't dig in.
That's a good idea. Big shout out to
them bamboozled 028. That's what's up. I
can't use rat traps. That will hurt the
chicones. It will hurt the chicones,
you know. It will hurt the chic.
Cat gang trade likes buckwheat. I like
buckwheat. How about owls? I don't have
a problem with owls. We've had falcons.
Um
box rat trap that only fits rats, not
chickens. Okay, good idea, Skate Crow.
Yes, that's a good idea.
Rat Hotel. Okay, thank you. Thank you
guys. All right, Rat Hotel. I'm going to
take notes.
Thank you guys.
Mini tigers. There you go.
>> There we go.
Pellet gun with night vision. Yeah, I
said I don't have time for that, you
know. I would, but I don't have time for
that. I I need my sleep, man. I need my
sleep. I can't be up all night with a
pellet gun. Unless I pay somebody to do
it. Maybe I'll pay somebody. Maybe I'll
pay somebody
Bitcoin to to stand out there all night
and and do the dang thing, you know? Do
the dang thing. Do the dang thing.
They're not killing the chickens.
They're eating the eggs. They're eating
the They're eating my eggs. To make it
worse, they're eating my eggs, you know.
They're eating my eggs.
Yeah, it would be more fun if the pellet
guns had some real explosives. That
would turn out good. Yeah. Oh, show.
All right. All right. All right.
After you catch the rat to kill or not
to kill. Oh, I kill I kill those rats. I
have no mercy. When whenever an animal
messes with my stuff, I I switch from a
compassionate guy who literally lets
mice go free from traps, the stick
traps, and puts them out in the woods
and gives them food and all this stuff
to a guy who has no mercy. A deer in my
garden eating my vegetables, that thing
is getting shot and eaten right there.
And it's happened before. Uh any animal
that's messing with my property or my
animals or my food is getting killed.
And if it's clean, it's getting eaten.
And if not, it's getting burned.
All right? You know, the thing is when
you're out here on the land,
there's a time to be compassionate and
there's a time to show no mercy. You're
going to mess with my stuff like that.
No mercy. No mercy to you. You should
know better than to mess with Jason
Casper's eggs. All right. Sorry, rats.
Sorry, rats.
We need an egg wrap.
I got to give them an egg code. Yeah, in
fact, I need to give you guys an egg
code, too. Let Let me make an egg code
for the stream.
Let make an egg code for the stream.
All
right, the code for today is rats.
R A Ts to get some eggs.
All right. Jesus said, "Have mercy."
Well, I'm not Jesus and rats aren't
people.
All right. I'm not Jesus and rats are
not people.
So,
you know,
Tony the silly. I got to 13K, but I got
vertigo on the treadmill, so I'm just
streaming games right now. Bless you,
bro. I'm making custom alerts when
people sub and donate. Oh, nice. Tony
the silly. I guess I forget your other
YouTube name, but congratulations on
13,000 subs, bro. And congratulations on
the treadmill.
Um,
Daniel's in a little short right now.
Yeah, I don't know. I'm I'm a very
compassionate guy. I I love animals. I
hate killing anything. Even spiders I
hate killing unless they're crawling on
me. I like spiders. I like anything. I
don't kill the stink bugs in my house. I
put them outside. I don't kill the moths
in my house. I put them outside.
I don't like to kill mice, even if
they're in my house. They're just cute
little furry mice looking for a place to
be. And they are cute. But you start
messing with my stuff. You start messing
with my animals. You start messing with
my food.
You're getting you're getting killed.
I'm sorry. You should know better. The
rats, they should know better. All
right.
It's the same with a purse. All right.
Go out there in the woods, the bears
leave you alone. All right, they leave
you alone for the most part. All right,
you mess with their kids, you're getting
killed. It is what it is,
you know. It is what it is.
Shout out to Tony the silly of really
blowing up, you know, really blowing up.
Rats could make good chicken nuggets.
Come on, bro.
That's the most disgusting thing I've
ever heard. All right,
we have FOMC next week. Nice.
Nice.
Shout out to Anthony Lee Crypto who hit
600 subs. Guys, go subscribe to Anthony
Lee Crypto. If you want if you want the
most jacked YouTube trader in the world,
check out Anthony Lee Crypto.
Cat gang loves spiders. You're
Australian.
Yeah. Yeah. Sorry rats, but you can't
you can't be in my chicken coop like
that. All right. You got to go. You got
to go.
Yeah. The egg code, guys, is rats. If
you're looking for some eggs in the
Discord,
it's rats. Guys, don't eat rat meat. All
right. God said not to eat that. Told
you that for a reason. All right. Don't
eat rats.
All right. There's a reason God said
what he said. You shouldn't be eating
that stuff. It's It's disgusting.
All right. Bob Riley says the low is not
in
local pest control companies supply rat
hotel. Yeah, I'm going to look into it.
Thank you guys. Thank you so much y'all.
Thank you guys. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank
you. But anyway,
I'm going to head out, guys. We're going
to go get some rat hotels. God bless
everyone.
And um Lord willing, I will see you guys
tomorrow. So, peace.